well howdy there internet people its
Bella gown so tonight I'm gonna answer
the burning question on Twitter and then
we're going to talk about why people
look for stuff like that during times
like these now for those who are not on
the platform let me catch you up there
are a bunch of people running around
right now filming the outside of their
local hospital and because the parking
lots are empty well that's obviously
proof that you know it's all hyped its
overblown its sensationalized it's a
hoax it's not really that bad because
the parking lots are empty some actually
went inside the hospital this is all you
find all of this stuff under hashtag
film your hospital I'm gonna explain why
that's a bad idea here in a second but
before I get to answering the important
question of why the hospitals are empty
I want to draw attention to two people
that helped get this theory out there
the first is Deanna Loraine a Republican
congressional candidate from California
and her tweet was retweeted by Sarah 1/4
a Fox News correspondent miss Carter I
understand that you didn't cosign this
when you retweeted it you just said it's
interesting for sure I'll be watching
let's see you're a journalist you know
everything that I'm about to say you
should it's not interesting you
retweeting this and giving this little
theory life III don't think it was a
wise decision you should know everything
I'm about to say at least most of it and
you should also know that your viewers
are pretty easily influenced they saw
you express interest in this if people
believe that it's overhyped do you think
they're gonna take the precautions they
need to
journalism is supposed to be a public
service okay so why are the hospitals
empty because most of the hospitals
operations are shut down go figure
that means the parking lots empty crazy
right the Surgeon General advised that
hospitals get rid of elective procedures
right now don't do most it I think
called it actually the emergency room is
just a tiny bit of what a big Hospital
does all of that other stuff unless it's
emergent or urgent related to that it's
not going on right now
therefore the parking lots are empty
there's no big mystery there none but
you can play with that information for a
second you that may help you determine
whether or not it's serious hospitals
have to watch their bottom line right
and they're choosing to forego all of
the revenue from all of this other stuff
and keep the beds empty because it's
overhyped because it's sensationalized
or is it because they're worried about a
surge and they don't want little Timmy
in there who just had his tonsils out
catching something they don't want to
waste the PPE the protective equipment
doing stuff that doesn't absolutely have
to be done right now maybe they need the
beds hospitals even though they want
have to watch the bottom line they also
provide a public service they're being
responsible now to those who went inside
a hospital the ers yeah they're empty
they are most people who go to an ER
they're not actually having an emergency
okay
right now I've talked about this on this
channel before an ER is for oh I cut my
finger off not I've had the sniffles for
three days and now I feel like I want
some meds that's not actually an
emergency but right now because there's
a risk associated with going to the
hospital and you got to be certain kind
of stupid to go without reason people
are kind of exercising a little more
discretion is it really an emergency
nobody's showing up with a tummy ache
right now and for the record that's the
standard what you're using right now
that's the standard you should always
use an emergency room is for serious
issues now to those who went inside the
hospital and wandered around filming let
me show you what you did because the big
questions why don't I see any of them
don't worry you can see you took your
phone and and you hit record right and
then you held it down low and walked
around because you're a super-secret spy
and everything and you're open outdoors
and touching elevator buttons and all
that stuff then you walked outside and
grabbed your phone with the other hand
and uploaded it and then you put that
phone up to your ear don't worry about
two weeks you should probably see where
the patients are that PPE
one of the things they wear it's called
an isolation gown from that what can you
infer that people are in isolation no
they're not going to be hanging out in
the hallways they're gonna be in
different rooms hopefully because maybe
this person has something bad and this
person just has to the sniffles they're
going to try to keep them separated most
hospitals aren't even allowing visitors
anymore so no you are not going to just
walk in and find them in filming them
and please don't film patients don't do
that
so then that should answer the questions
at least I hope but now we have another
question why do people look for stuff
like this why do they want to believe
this we talked about it before in other
videos when we talk about theories like
this the world's scary seems like it's
out of control
and sometimes it's comforting to think
that there's a group of people in
control because then it's not just chaos
there's a plan there's somebody out
there making things happen
and it's comforting in it in a way to
think of it like that yeah I wish that
it was sensationalized I wish it was
overblown I really do but understand the
President of the United States said he'd
be doing a good job if only a hundred
thousand people were lost and when you
compare that to those numbers at the
beginning if we didn't do social
distancing and stuff like that 100,000
seems all right 100,000 in a couple
months
that's more than US soldiers were lost
during ten years of the Vietnam War and
ten years of Iraq and ten years of
Afghanistan all added together
it's not overblown you need to take the
precautions and look you want to stand
outside a hospital and film it whatever
enjoy your hobby walking around inside
one it's a bad idea in a whole bunch of
levels and since you probably don't care
about other people we'll do it this way
you'll probably pick something up that
you're gonna take home to people you do
care about right now
stay at home wash your hands don't touch
your face it's scary and it's out of
control there there is no curtain
there's certainly not a man behind the
curtain
we're gonna have to ride this out and
people like you who are running into
these places and then going around town
you're the reason it's gonna get real
bad you're putting a lot of people at
risk with this anyway it's just a
thought y'all have a good night